Added teleportation tasks 2.1 to 2.3 (#1619)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/teleportation/reconstruct_message_psi_minus/solution.md

> To apply standard teleportation, entanglement pair should be brought back to $\ket{\Phi ^+}$. Correction with both `Z` and `X` gate can help achieve the transformation from $\ket{\Psi ^-}$ to $\ket{\Phi ^+}$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bob's side of this protocol can be represented as a sequence of two steps:
 1. Transform the Bell pair he shares with Alice back to $\ket{\Phi ^+}$. This can be done by applying the $Z$ and $X$ gates to Bob's qubit.
 2. Apply the standard teleportation protocol.
 
The final set of corrections we need is the $Z$ and $X$ gates, followed by the standard teleportation corrections:
```
